chore: v1.0.0-beta.122 (#1004)
Redocly/redocly-cli: docs/changelog.md

# Redocly CLI changelog

## 1.0.0-beta.122 (2023-01-26)

### Fixes

> - Fixed an issue with `push` command not working with valid organization id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue with `push` command not working with a valid `organizationId`.
```
